hello everyone welcome to a new
video for the title of the video have to be
be imagining that they are any kind
of curiosity about the pokemons but
I bring you the surprise that you are not
they are curiosities of mega pokemons
evolutions and types related to
Pokemon
If you do not know what Goths are, I'll leave you
a video in the description where he explained
what are the pocket bots and where
they came up before I start I'll say that this
Video of curiosities is for the
awards ceremony loquendo
2014 so you better help me
for this contest to all who see
this video without saying more we begin
number one curiosity in the first
pokemon season in episode 21
with the name of goodbye butter cold
it looks like a fresh butter rose in the
pokedex poke god there is a possible
reference to this called butter pink
curiosity number 2 it is said that the three
initial singing have a fourth
absolute evolution this could be
reference to the three mega evolutions
but not only for these but for a
variety of pokemon that to date
some already have mega
curiosity number 3 going back to talk
about the initials and their evolution
absolute who has more resemblance to what
that has been described is puddle since this
it has enough shell similarities
lizardi and another one that has enough
accuser similarities just look at it
to understand
the least like schreiner since no
has the mega blast cannons
oise but it has three peaks which
they can refer to the three
cannons curiosity number 4 already dead is
a possible reference to mega guide 2
this poke gotti in the curiosity of
look a lot like this mega possibly
also by its secondary type the
sinister and I think some will have already
noticed why it can also be a
possible reference to the following image
curiosity number 5 to the sixth
generation appeared the fairy type for
be more accurate one of the new
evolutions of that lion and in the pokédex
of the few there is an evolution of
hebe called moon lion and this although not
be of the type to da silva has an attack
that may refer to a lion
the attack is lunar force curiosity
number 6 tractor this poke voice could
be a living image of dragon xenon
ball z but his name has more similar
to the rise draco movement type
flying introduced in the sixth
generation is the movement
characteristic of rai quad curiosity
number 7 is because it seems to be the mix
between a substitute stuffed iyengar or such
once it refers to a ballet although this
did not assure curiosity number 8 or in
the first or second generation will
showed the next poker called
pique donate to the pokemon rivets
red fire and green leaf can see what
I mean that's the super nerd and his
robot pikachu
curiosity number 9 there are 2 pokémons
similar to candlestick and afro flash the
dry serif reason you can know that it
they seem by the spirit of the unter that
they are ghost-like as shown in
the images curiosity number 10 exists
a bit of the so-called trickett that can
be based lace not mousse and a
beta version of some pokemon like the
bandit and its good evolutionary line I know that
There are many curiosities but I hope
they will like the video